doc(changelog): document https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/pull/7171 (#527)
spinnaker/spinnaker.io: content/en/docs/releases/next-release-preview/index.md

- If `webhook.requireAccount` is true (it defaults to false), and the account property is not present (i.e. a non-empty string), the stage stage fails.
- if `webhook.validateAcount` is true (it defaults to false), and an account property is present, call clouddriver's GET /credentials/{account}/authorized endpoint to validate that the current user has permission to use the account.
- A new WebhookAccountProcessorInterface.  If a WebhookAccountProcessor bean is present, it has the opportunity to customize the headers in the outgoing http requests that webhook stages make.

https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/pull/7171 introduces regex support to the webhook allow list.  Before this, an allow list entry like:
```yaml
  allowedRequests:
    - httpMethods:
      - GET
      urlPrefix: https://myurl:<port>/some/path
```

> implied a "starts with" matching strategy.  Now there's matching strategy that defaults to `STARTS_WITH`, but `PATTERN_MATCHES` is also a valid value.  For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
implied a "starts with" matching strategy. Matching strategy still defaults to `STARTS_WITH`, but `PATTERN_MATCHES` is also a valid value.  For example:
```
